change permissions (#14)
fytinnovations/oc-helpdesk: getting-started/permissions.md

    user can assign tickets to himself.

4. **Manage Assigned Ticket**

>     user can manage his ticket (change status, change priority, write a private comment). user cannot delete the ticket though.

Author: ```suggestion
    user can manage ticket assigned to him (change status, change priority, write a private comment). user cannot delete the ticket though.
```
